You can also view the connections to the Rotto switch by using the show uses command.
So show uses shows us that we connected via cons. zero but we also connected via a telnet session from
this IP address.
So if I exit out of the telnet session show users now shows that we only connected via the console log
in vide the telnet session again show uses.
Shows us that the telnet session is now active I'll jump back to Route 1 using the keystrokes control
shift 6 x and open up a nut the telnet session.
Show users now shows us that David is connected to Viti y 0 as well as to why one control shift to 6
x open up another session control shifts 6 x to another.
So we now have four Etiwanda sessions open jumped back Mother told that session show uses we now connect
to.
And what's interesting is not just the username is not case sensitive.
In this example but the past that is case sensitive.
So we've got one two three four five evictee why sessions for jump back to the rot.
Now Rodda one and try and telnet again.
Notice the session is refused because we only enabled 5 V-twin y sessions from 0 to full at the moment.
Five V-twin sessions are being used.
So it's six.
One is refused or rejected.
Now here we could clear a line 98 or using the command clear line and specifying a number so it could
say 98.
Just to show you that again we could clear this line.
Well we could clear the Viti why it's a clear line 98 confirm show uses 98 has been disconnected and
now on route 1 we can telnet back to router 2.
So we have our session on line 98.
Reason why is when you type show line you'll see that the console is teach you why the zero the exhilarate
port on the router is line 97 and the first Viti why he's line 98 that's to do with asynchronous modules
that he can insert into a router which use what are called TDY lines.
In this case I'll telnet to a physical Rodda that I've got running locally.
And I'll log in.
This is a 36 40 router show line shows me that I have a console as well as a lot of TDY lines.
These allow me to implement reverse telnet sessions and then on exhilarate connection and then my Viti
why sessions on this router.
So show line once again.
First line is is the console.
Then we have a range of teach you wise then the exhilarate line and then Viti lines.
Hence the number of these Viti waterlines is not one or two because you can have reverse console connections
on a router in the old days.
This was used for asynchronous modems so the early old days on routers we had asynchronous modems and
we would connect via those modems on various TDY lines so just type show line if you if you're not sure
what numbers are that will vary from device to device.
So on this virtual switch show line shows me that the Sillery port is line 1 and the value line is line
2 because it doesn't support T.T. why asynchronous modems whereas a router such as a thirty seven twenty
five does.
So I could also type clear line Viti Y and specify number so 0 and the connection was closed.
So tell me back
username is David not Siska show line shows me various lines show user uses.
Shows me that at the moment this is the only active a y line.
You can also see the stall associated with V-2 on line.
The other stations would have timed out because of a timer.
So once again if I jump back.
Control shift 6 x another telnet session show line.
You can see the console is active and so both these 51 lines show users.
Shows me that I have two connections between zero and VTR I one play a line 99.
Notice the connection was closed on this router shows sessions shows me my current sessions and then
I could do something like disconnect which will disconnect the last active session.
So show sessions shows me that 6 was closed.
I could also do it this way.
Disconnect three show sessions.
Three is not available.
If I want to restore session I could just simply select the connection number so one.
But as you can see that's being closed.
So show session two that was closed by the remote host for that was closed five that was closed.
So I have no active sessions at the moment.
And if I telnet it back to the router and logged in control shift 6 x Take me back show sessions select
session 1 and notice that resumes.
And I am now on route to.